
              <div class="container"> <p class="comment">The following script renders the table of contents for this page.</p> <pre class="script">template("MindTouch/IDF/Views/TableOfContents");</pre> <h2>Developer Zone</h2> <p class="comment">Use the section below to provide a short description of the tutorial. The section is also used by other pages to provide an abstract of this page. The lead sentence should tell the reader enough about the tutorial to help them decide whether to read on or not.</p> <p> To get started with developing on Sugar, our &nbsp;provides a directory to all of our available resources to harness the full power that Sugar has to offer. Below are a few of the more important areas to concentrate on as you look to begin customizing Sugar. <a title="04_Find_Answers/03_Developer_Zone" href="//04_Find_Answers/03_Developers">Developer Zone</a> </p> <h3>Developer Guide</h3> <p> Our  provides an in depth explanation of how Sugar works as well as best practices for customizing Sugar. Whether you need to write a logic hook, integrate with our API or extend core classes, we provide you with the framework to start coding. <a title="02_Documentation/04_Sugar_Developer" href="//02_Documentation/04_Sugar_Developer">Developer Guide</a> </p> <h3>Developer Blog</h3> <p> The &nbsp;provides a consistent flow of real world examples on how to customize Sugar to meet common business use cases. In addition, as we introduce new features and functionality, you will see posts from our engineering team going into depth on those changes so you can plan your customizations accordingly. <a href="http://developers.sugarcrm.com" title="http://developers.sugarcrm.com" class=" external">Developer Blog</a> </p> <h2>Related</h2> <p class="comment">This section automatically lists related pages, such as child pages or pages related by tags.&nbsp; Remove this section if you do not want to show related pages.</p> <pre class="script">template("MindTouch/IDF/SeeAlso")</pre> <br> </div>
             